Task library documentation and structure clean up (#3360)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/task_library/contributing.md

        **kwargs: Any
    ):
        self.your_kwarg = your_kwarg
        super().__init__(**kwargs)

    @defaults_from_attrs("your_kwarg")
    def run(self, your_kwarg: str = None) -> str:
        """
        Run your task

        Args:
            - your_kwarg (string, optional): an optional kwarg

        Returns:
            - string: description of what it returned
        """

        # Place your specific task run logic inside this function
        return use_your_library(your_kwarg)
```

In the snippet above there is a special decorator `defaults_from_attrs`. This decorator serves the purpose
of reducing the amount of boilerplate code in the task. If a value is set via initialization of the task
and is not set again at runtime then the value set at initialization will be used in place of the absent
runtime value. However, values set at runtime will always override those set during initialization.

```python
def __init__(self, your_kwarg: str = None, **kwargs: Any):
    self.your_kwarg = your_kwarg
    super().__init__(**kwargs)

    @defaults_from_attrs("your_kwarg")
    def run(self, your_kwarg: str = None) -> str:
        use_your_library(your_kwarg)
```

> is equivalent to

Reviewer: Actually these aren't 100% equivalent - if a value is provided at runtime it is _always_ used regardless of the truthiness.  It can even be `None` (test for reference: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/blob/master/tests/utilities/test_tasks.py#L540-L546)

Author: Okay I'm actually going to remove these snippets

For more information on contributing to the Prefect library as whole check out the
[development documentation](/core/development/overview.html).

### Secrets and Authentication

It is common for tasks in the task library to require some sort of authentication when interacting with
services. Prefect has a desired implementation when it comes to using credentials in a task and that is
through the use of a [Secret task](/api/latest/tasks/secrets.html). A `PrefectSecret` is a special type
of task for interacting with Prefect [secrets](/core/concepts/secrets.html) that securely represents
the retrieval of sensitive data.

Secret tasks are only able to retrieve secret data during runtime therefore it is required that your
secret values be passed into your tasks through the `run` kwargs:

```python
class YourTask(Task):
    def __init__(self, your_kwarg: str = None, **kwargs: Any):
        ...

    # Allows init kwargs to be passed to the run function if they are not overridden
    @defaults_from_attrs("your_kwarg")
    def run(self, your_kwarg: str = None, your_secret: str = None) -> str:
        authenticate_with_your_service(your_secret)
        ...
```

> This allows users of the task to use Prefect Secrets to securely pass sensitive information to the task:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows users of the task to use Prefect Secrets to securely pass sensitive information to the task using whatever secret storage mechanism they prefer:
```

users have contributed tasks to the task library that accomplish a specific goal or action.

There are a few key reasons why users would want to contribute tasks to the task library:

- Gain experience contributing to an open source project
- Increase adoption for libraries, tools, and frameworks by making an easy route for users of Prefect to
interact with
- Allow for tasks to _evolve_ with Prefect meaning that as paradigms and abstractions change in Prefect
the task in the open source library will change with it
- Open up collaboration to thousands of other developers who could use your task (they might fix bugs in
the task you weren't aware of!)

Not to mention that we occasionally also send Prefect swag to some of our open source contributors!

<script>
import { Tweet } from 'vue-tweet-embed/dist'

export default {
    components: {Tweet}
}
</script>

<Tweet id="1298298873878847490"></Tweet>

## Task Structure

This snippet below is the general structure of a task contained in the task library. All you need to do
is define the task's `__init__` and `run` functions! The `run` function is where any of your task's logic

> will live.

Reviewer: We might want to rehash some of the differences between init and run (as in https://docs.prefect.io/core/advanced_tutorials/task-guide.html) here, "your initialization will be called before you register and run your Flow" etc.

Author: 👍 going to spruce this up a bit

```python
from prefect import Task
from prefect.utilities.tasks import defaults_from_attrs

class YourTask(Task):
    """
    Task for doing something

    Args:
        - your_kwarg (string, optional): an optional kwarg
        - **kwargs: additional keyword arguments to pass to the Task constructor
    """

    def __init__(
        self,
        your_kwarg: str = None,
        **kwargs: Any
    ):
        self.your_kwarg = your_kwarg
        super().__init__(**kwargs)

>     # Allows init kwargs to be passed to the run function if they are not overridden

Reviewer: This isn't super clear to me - maybe
> Allows for certain attributes to optionally be provided at runtime, which will override the values provided at init

/shrug

Author: Going to actually expand on this outside of the code

    @defaults_from_attrs("your_kwarg")
    def run(self, your_kwarg: str = None) -> str:
        """
        Run your task

        Args:
            - your_kwarg (string, optional): an optional kwarg

        Returns:
            - string: description of what it returned
        """

        # Place your specific task run logic inside this function
        return use_your_library(your_kwarg)
```

For more examples of how the other tasks in the task library look check out the directory
containing all of the [task library code](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/tree/master/src/prefect/tasks).

For more information on contributing to the Prefect library as whole check out the
[development documentation](/core/development/overview.html).

## Testing

Due to the nature of the tasks in the task library interacting with a wide range of services from various

> contributors it is not condusive for Prefect integration tests to maintain tests that communicate with
> all of these services. Because of this, it is integral that users who are contributing tasks to the task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
contributors it is not always easy for Prefect to maintain tests that communicate with
all of these services. Because of this, it is integral that users who are contributing tasks to the task
```
